Certainly not the best sushi in New York, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile.
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.
Great food but the service was dreadful!
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
The food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Meal was very expensive for what you get.
Good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced.
Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.
I was highly disappointed by their service and food.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.
A nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers.
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.
The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.
Yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money.
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.
However, the food and service and dramatically lacking.
The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.
Tiny restaurant with very fast service.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good.
Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
For the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
It's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.
The food is great and the prices are reasonable.
The place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!
Way too much money for such a terrible meal.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
Over priced, overrated....stay away!
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
The food is very good and the service is great.
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked.
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.
We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.
) It's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits.
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
The $72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order.
The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.
We were very impressed with the food and value.
Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi.
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent.
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn.
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...
I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.
But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh.
It's no-fuss, fast and delicious.
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
The ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.
I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's SO worth it.
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.
Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap.
To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.
The wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions.
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza (at least I don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people.
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!
I can understand the prices if it served better food, like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area.
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
The service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.
but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.
The cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $10+, are delectable.
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99/lb at the store.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
the food - not worth the price.
It's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what I go for.
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.
Great restaurant, and even greater food!
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.
Service was good and so was the atmosphere.
The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. 
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Great food, good wine and an excellent host.
The food was outstanding and the service was tops.
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE.
The food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.
Not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.
This place has beautiful sushi, and it's delicious CHEAP. 
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy.
It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again!!
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.
Good cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.
The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
The restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me.
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
Slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...
The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.
I'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.
Although the restaurant itself is nice, I prefer not to go for the food.
